Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: And the days you're wearing.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: On your shoulders.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: But you know you again.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's on!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Thank you.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Like, oh!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Baking!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In your heart.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Fires burned Keep the faith It's a turn.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let's hear the whispers.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The dreams you left.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Every step, you're getting closer To the… Yo, sure.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Fine.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Life.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: values… the thing.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Why it's absurd.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: stolen fruit.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Congo.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's deep within me.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: You're a star that keeps on shining
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Hold on, the dawn is breaking Feel the light, though.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In your heart the fire's burning
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Keep the faith, the tides are turning Every shadow!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: As it's sending every tearful In the dance of life, you're soaring to the Off a new day.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Hold on the… Thank you.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Running!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: the food.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Science officer!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The dawn is breaking.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Feel the light of the world awaking
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: In your heart the fire's burning
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Keep the faith, the tides are turning.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Hold on…
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Learning!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Faith The tides are turning.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: das kann.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Whoa!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: This can't fish finally stoodied off.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: I've got a show, we know.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Smith!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Food!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: is to all!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: This global mess is expression
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: The chicks are roofed.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: What's my affiliate money.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: My smug of an… Valentine's foyer.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Es fit in my noya
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Let me smell good.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Then stay slow.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's been sterka, Steven.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Whaa?
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's fun!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Focus on!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Won your fly first!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Meet your new moon and motivation Yeah, yeah.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Steam!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Sky and light!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: chasing comments through.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: on sky.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Run on dreams.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: There's a hum in my bones That's home.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: What's up?
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Help me with the Got my soul on.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: When the beast forgive me too.
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: Subject!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: It's the lady!
Audio shared by Nitya Outskill Team: We don't sip.
Dileep Karri: Interesting choice of music to start the day.
Dileep Karri: Right? I have to figure out what the algorithm the team used to generate the playlist.
Dileep Karri: But anyways, I'll start in 3 more minutes. I'm just doing some setup on the side, so we will get started.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, I'm… ready. So today, what we will do…
Dileep Karri: is a bunch of stuff, okay?
Dileep Karri: So, first, we will talk about NATEN, NATEN plus Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: We will get into understanding how to make NAT and work with Cloud Code, what are the things you need to do, all of that, we will…
Dileep Karri: cover for any tenant cloud code. Then, what we are going to do is, we are looking… going to look at 3 workflows.
Dileep Karri: Okay? We are going to look at three workflows for wipe coding. So, basically, there are multiple workflows in Cloud for wipe coding, and a lot of people have built different ways to do that. So, we are going to learn about RALF loop.
Dileep Karri: Okay? We are going to learn about compound engineering.
Dileep Karri: It's called compound engineering, but it's, again, end of the day, it's a cloud code workflow that allows you to build great workflows. And third, we will go into…
Dileep Karri: GSD, okay? So, I'll write the… So, this is the one.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Just in case people don't like censored words, etc, I'll just call this GSD, and we will discuss these workflows.
Dileep Karri: So there are plus plus multiple workflows. I have found a lot of workflows that are being used in Cloud Code, multiple workflows that I have seen being used, etc.
Dileep Karri: The reason I have picked these three is, they… they are used by at least multiple people in the community. Multiple people have tried this out. They found success. There has been a lot of discussion around what it is.
Dileep Karri: Real products have been shipped using these workflows.
Dileep Karri: And that's why these are the ones we will discuss. So there are some other workflows people have proposed multiple ways to do it. I will steer clear of those, because
Dileep Karri: they are not yet proven in the community. Like, it might work for the creator, but it is not just about the creator, which is important. It is important for a group of people to find success.
Dileep Karri: And that's why we are going to, do this. And we are going to get into the details of everything, and then I will, kind of, after finishing this, I will kind of talk about advanced tips
Dileep Karri: of Cloud Code, some basic resources I will walk through.
Dileep Karri: everything, and those resources, of course, will be part of your LMS. Okay, so I will go into some more advanced tips of cloud code, and here, I have just curated some articles which I have read, and I will even… I will show you all the links that I'm going to share with you. I might not have time to go in detail of each, but I'll tell you, for people who are beginners.
Dileep Karri: which are the resources you should go through for people who are, maybe intermediate and advanced, what are the things you can skip, what are the things you can go through, etc, and all that. So that, folks, is the agenda for today's session, wherein we'll, lean into NA10 plus cloud code, three workflows, Royal Fluv.
Dileep Karri: Compound Engineering GSD, and then we look at advanced tips.
Dileep Karri: some cool, interesting things that I feel, we should consider when looking at, Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: Overall, and kind of, give… bring a closure to the last 2-3 weeks of discussions that you have been having with respect to the building part, okay? So,
Dileep Karri: I'll, get, started.
Dileep Karri: See, now, NA10 is something all of you guys know, you can build NA10, etc. In fact, I have seen two workflows, okay? I have seen people
Dileep Karri: Using innateent to trigger Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I have seen people using clot code
Dileep Karri: to trigger an ATEM, I will focus a lot on this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the thing I'm going to focus on. I will briefly talk about this, what people are doing. If you find it interesting, you can explore it, but personally, I found it a little gimmicky, when you are using Innaton to kind of call claud code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So basically, what people do is, you can actually execute commercial…
Dileep Karri: commands, okay? I'll just show you that. I'm not going to build it or anything, I'll just show you that, particular, once.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, for example, when I say create a workflow.
Dileep Karri: when I add the first step, there are some multiple nodes, and one of the nodes, I think, is called…
Dileep Karri: What is it called?
Dileep Karri: This one, SSH.
Dileep Karri: So, there is a SSH one, okay? So, basically, what it does is, you can connect to some instance, or some server, alright? So, if you are…
Dileep Karri: having some server that is running your code, like, for example, if you are having a Hostinger server, you can put your Hostinger, and you can connect SSH there. And on Hostinger, if you had installed Cloud Code, you can run Cloud Code from an ATEM.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is how people are using, NATEN to run cloud code commands for build, etc. So, where they chain a lot of, SSH nodes, they use the SSH nodes to kind of send multiple commands. So, it becomes like you are,
Dileep Karri: writing, you know, something, like, I'm going into that, and then I'm changing my directory, and then I'm going into it, etc, and all that. So for… I didn't find a…
Dileep Karri: very useful application for doing that, to be very fair. Like, it is not some… I don't know why somebody will do that, except otherwise, I am such a ******** NATM fan that I want to use NATON for everything and anything.
Dileep Karri: Right? Other than that, I have not seen
Dileep Karri: any reason why you should kind of do this, but if,
Dileep Karri: call it an academic interest or anything. For those of you, you know, academically, you want to check out what is happening, you can send terminal commands via SSH and use it, okay? So that is all this is meant for. So I'm not going to get into this part, which is innaton via cloud code, because I simply feel that it is more a gimmick. They have given the feature.
Dileep Karri: I saw only one person going berserk with this, but they are, like, ******** Cloud Code terminal users, so they wanted everything to run via terminal, and that's where they have been using it.
Dileep Karri: we will focus more on integrating Cloud Code and make invoke N80 from inside Cloud Code. So this has good applications, okay? So, we will try to use this. Now, there are…
Dileep Karri: Couldn't Claude Claude be used in place of a code block in Eniton? Not exactly, Lonnie. So, what you'll have to do is, see, cloud code needs to be invoked, okay? So, when you want to use invoke Claude code.
Dileep Karri: it has to be running in some terminal somewhere, and you have to connect to the terminal via SSH. So, it is not as easy. What you can do further is, I can write a code block.
Dileep Karri: with Anthropic API.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Because I know, Ronnie, because you have, you are running things in Amazon S3 instances and other things, I'm kind of going into that language over here. So, you can run a code block with the Anthropic API. That part you can put in initant, but directly, Claude code cannot be used. If you have to use Claude code, you have to use SSH and write commands via SSH.
Dileep Karri: Which will then execute the commands.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Alright. So, I will try to keep the first part simpler, okay? Because,
Dileep Karri: as I'm much… as I told you yesterday also, I will try to keep it very simple, repeat a lot of things, provide analogies, but these parts are going to be a little tricky, okay? So, I will, I will have to repeat few things 2-3 times. So, I want people to be alert, keep giving me feedback on if you're not understanding something. Without me asking, just type on the chat, hey, did not understand, can you repeat it?
Dileep Karri: So that… I be, I can have a look and repeat some points.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so another meat of it, where how can you use Cloud code to work with NATIM, okay? There are two ways. One is native.
Dileep Karri: Annaton?
Dileep Karri: That is, you have your NHN instance, and I directly integrate my NHN instance with Cloud Code, that is one approach.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The other approach is N8 and MCP, plus NATM Skills.
Dileep Karri: So, I'll use the NATOM MCP and the NATON skills. So, these are the two approaches to actually use Cloud Code with NATOM.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This one, right now, what has happened is, the innate and MCP is no longer absolutely free.
Dileep Karri: The creator has started charging for the N8 and MCP, and I feel it is fair
Dileep Karri: It's a great MCP server, it uses a lot of things, and
Dileep Karri: And, too, the free version is pretty good. They allow 100 MCP calls for free, which is more than sufficient.
Dileep Karri: To build, like, workflows.
Dileep Karri: It is only power builders, right? It's only power builders for whom the cost is high. But if you host the N80 MCP yourself in self-hosting, then it is absolutely free. You don't have to worry about it. But if you're using the cloud-hosted N8N MCP server, then it is no longer free. It uses 100 MCP instances per day.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll go through the pricing, etc. Now I'll tell you the pros and cons with this, okay? Native NATM integration, you just have your NATEM, even self-hosted, pre-hosted, however you want. You can integrate the native NATEM with Cloud Code very easily, and it is super straightforward.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it is almost like chatting with Cloud Code and setting up that integration.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So all you have to do is you have to prompt
Dileep Karri: Saying I want to connect my NATEM instance to Cloud Code, so that Cloud Code can directly build workflows inside NATEM.
Dileep Karri: So then it'll ask you the URL of the instance and the API key. I will tell you what is the URL, what is the API key that you can get, and it is intelligent enough to tell you, if you tell, I have a self-hosted editor instance, it can even manage that.
Dileep Karri: So, anything that can be done, it can easily do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: But the problem here is, this is prone to Errors.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This approach is prone to errors because it does not have access to documentation.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Because a lot of nodes keep getting added to NATON, a lot of nodes are deprecated in NATON, a lot of standards keep changing, so you will require the latest documentation, the latest node, thing overall for anything to work.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I can set this native editor integration up, it will create the workflow for me. What I cannot guarantee in the first approach is that
Dileep Karri: is the node up-to-date? Like, the node that I have built, is it the real node that exists in NATM? I don't know.
Dileep Karri: Because I could, easily hallucinate over there.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But still, you are adamant on working with native and ATL. What I would suggest is.
Dileep Karri: always, you add it with an XRMCP server.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Xrmcp Server is a server which is like a search engine, replacement.
Dileep Karri: And, it is better than Google… it's a search engine meant for LLMs.
Dileep Karri: It is not a search engine meant for humans, okay? You have to understand this. What it means is, don't try to use XR for doing Google search. When you are doing Google search, as a human you're searching for something, use Google. Don't use XR.
Dileep Karri: XR is mainly used for searching on the internet, enabled for LLMs. So, it is optimized to give the results to the LLM in the right manner, it is optimized to provide the results over there.
Dileep Karri: So, if you are using a native innate Intel, and you are trying to set up the prompt and the access to documentation, ensure that you are setting up the EXA MCP server.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that is the first method. I will, at least show you the first method, how it would work, but I will rely today more on the second method, because this is more reliable.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The drawback with this is, your tokens are going to go for a toss.
Dileep Karri: In the second method, it is extremely token-intensive.
Dileep Karri: Why? Because every node that
Dileep Karri: you know, you are using, it first verifies the node exists, it tries to check the documentation if the node is proper, then only after all the checks and balances does it create. So there is a lot of tokens that are
Dileep Karri: kind of used when you're building with the second approach, but it is more reliable. Here, your tokens are loaded, your tokens are saved, but… and you don't have to worry about any innate and MCP, etc, and all that, but the other problem is, you will always
Dileep Karri: You don't know. Like, even with the XR MCP server, you might not be able to get the right sets of results.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Everybody clear so far? Two ways of working with Cloud Code and NATON. Any, anybody is not following, not understanding this part. I will demonstrate it very soon, but before that, I want to be sure that you understand the difference between the native N10 as well as the NATO MCP and N10 skills. So these are the two ways.
Dileep Karri: We will now set up both the ways. I will go full distance in this case.
Dileep Karri: Here, I will kind of hold back.
Dileep Karri: the… to kind of show you from scratch, I have myself has not set up any of the stuff, so that when I set it up, or when I face some errors, I can even show you live how you can debug, how you can recover, what are the things you can do, etc, all of that, okay? So that's the overall idea.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll just wait a minute for all of you to absorb this, and then we'll go and start.
Dileep Karri: Setting this up.
Dileep Karri: Everybody's following, right? Slightly, we are going a little advanced over here, but, you know, I cannot help it. I cannot make it simpler than this.
Dileep Karri: Alright, great. So now, what we'll do is, we will get into Cloud Code. Na10 native, simply the local laptop version, yeah, self-hosted is that.
Dileep Karri: So it is not, that, actually, Sylvia. Here, what I mean is, I'm going to natively integrate with NATO without the MCP and without the skills, okay? In the first approach. Second approach is, I'm going to integrate with the MCP as well as the skills.
Dileep Karri: Yes, both options will serve similar use cases. You can build,
Dileep Karri: all your N10 workflows in both the options. The problem is, native NA10, I would recommend it only for people who are a little more adventurous and you want to save up on the NAT and MCP costs.
Dileep Karri: and the skill token costs. For people who are beginners, I will always suggest you to go with the N10 MCP and the N80 skills. Don't go with the first version.
Dileep Karri: I'm showing you both, though, because there might be power innate and builders who want to kind of reduce the token usage, etc, and you will do this. I will describe annotate and MCP Initant skills.
Dileep Karri: In detail, and then we will do it. So, let us do first one, which is the NATON MCP NATON basic integration, and then we will discuss about N80 MCP, as well as the NATON skills.
Dileep Karri: So let me stop sharing, I think, back to sharing the complete desktop.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: So, one very important thing I want to mention, the reason why I have been working on Terminal, okay? I thought I will wait till the end to expose the reason why I'm working on Terminal, because when we are working on terminals
Dileep Karri: or anything like this, right? What happens is, I can run multiple Cloud Code instances.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But if I use the Cloud desktop version, or if I use Cursor or VS Code via…
Dileep Karri: Cloud code, if I'm trying to do that, what will happen is…
Dileep Karri: When I'm trying to, use this.
Dileep Karri: It cannot run multiple instances, because cursor itself takes in a lot of memory. You cannot open another instance of cursor.
Dileep Karri: With Terminal, you can actually run almost 10 instances of cloud code.
Dileep Karri: On this terminal, at least 5 instances. On the Google Chrome browser.
Dileep Karri: you can run 5 instances, so you can easily run 10 instances of cloud code, and you can run jobs in parallel. So when I talk about advanced stuff, I will talk about jobs running in parallel. That is the actual val block with
Dileep Karri: Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So now, here are some new commands which have come up. Opus 4.6 is here, so the fast mode is enabled. So you just have to go fast.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So here, fast mode is enabled, so I can turn it on, turn it off, wherever I want. For now, I'll turn it on, because I have some free credits. They have given all users some free credits, so until the free credits are there, we can run it.
Dileep Karri: One thing to remember, Fast Mode Opus 4.6 is double the cost of Opus 4.6.
Dileep Karri: Okay? 4.6 is actually, you know, you know, $15 overall, but, they, they are going to, after February 16th, it is going to become $30 or $150 per million tokens.
Dileep Karri: So, $30 on input, $150 on output. So, insanely expensive.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So I am now kind of turned it on, so that you can see how it is working, but I would, you know, as soon as the session is over, I'm going to turn it off, and I'm not ever going to touch it again.
Dileep Karri: So, fast mode, what does it mean is, it becomes… it is adaptive thinking.
Dileep Karri: So what Opus 4.6 does is, it adaptively thinks on your task which one should go fast and which one should go slower, and based on that, give us faster inputs and outputs. So… and it is,
Dileep Karri: extremely fast mode, like, it is high speed, okay? You can read the official documentation to understand better.
Dileep Karri: But…
Dileep Karri: It is not about deep thinking, it is about executing faster in the way, okay? So that is what it is.
Dileep Karri: What is the benefit of running Cloud Code on Cursor VS Studio compared to directly running on Cloud Code Terminal? The only benefit I see is you can see your entire code base side-by-side while you're working on Cloud Code. That is the advantage that Cursor or VStudio gives. For example.
Dileep Karri: Let me open cursor.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So here, if you see, I have the complete automation folder. I can see this, and I can, you know, run the documentations over here. For example, I can go switch cloud code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I had to attach the screens a little bit, but…
Dileep Karri: Here, I can see my files, I can open any file that I want, like readme.md, and then I can…
Dileep Karri: go into Cloud Code and run that particular cloud code overall. So, that is the advantage I have. Like, I can see the file, and I can do the cloud code on the side.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: They have changed their UI, so I'm a little bit struggling to maintain. That is the reason I use Terminal, because I can run multiple things in parallel.
Dileep Karri: to see it side by side, Sylvia, it is not about, I can see it later, I want to see it side by side. Like, when I'm building the code or anything, if I want to see it side by side, I won't do that. I can use the Explorer, but then I have to open another,
Dileep Karri: editor to read the files, etc. Whereas in anti-gravity, or wind surf, or any other things, I can see it side by side.
Dileep Karri: Okay, clear so far, everybody? I'll get into the actual stuff, and we will take some questions later on, okay? So now, we have the fast mode on, and I'll…
Dileep Karri: Press Enter to go, toggle.
Dileep Karri: Alright, and
Dileep Karri: I think for this one, I'll better keep it off, because it'll kill a lot of tokens.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, because it was going to absorb a lot of tokens, so I kind of want to keep it very clear.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I'll just…
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now what I'm going to do is, I'll say, I want to… Integrate.
Dileep Karri: NATM with broad code.
Dileep Karri: Help me.
Dileep Karri: Ruda.
Dileep Karri: steps.
Dileep Karri: So, I'm saying I want to integrate N80 with Cloud code, help me through the basic steps, okay? So, there is a cloud.ai N10 that is available.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And it is also looking for other N8 and MCP integration info.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so here is the NHM.
Dileep Karri: But… I'll say… That is not… what I want… I want to… Integrate.
Dileep Karri: with an ATL API, directly, And… booth.
Dileep Karri: workflows.
Dileep Karri: I'm going to show you how to do that. You'll have to wait half an hour.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then I'll say.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I'm saying that I want to work with the NAT and API directly to build and manage workflows. So now, here, this will tell you exactly what you need to do. What do you need to do? You want to create, update, and manage N8N workflows using the REST API.
Dileep Karri: And, you know, build NATAM workflows.
Dileep Karri: for this full automation, platforms, like an AI agency.
Dileep Karri: That's what I want.
Dileep Karri: And I'll say next. Do you already have N80 running? So you can say whether it is self-hosted, or whether it is N80 cloud, or I haven't installed Anything yet. So I'll say I'm using AnyTun Cloud, you can say self-hosted.
Dileep Karri: Then text stack, what tech stack or language you need to do it in? Python, Node.js, or this thing, I can kind of use anything I want, it's completely fine.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then I can submit the answers, and it'll help me set up that integration form.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so then it will, ask me for the NATEN API, it will ask me for the NATEN different, you know, way, what is the URL that I need to give? So based on that, it will connect my NATON.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But this is not the approach I want to do.
Dileep Karri: Alright? I want to go with the NAT and MCP and the innate and skills approach.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Why? Because… For people who are beginners, easier to manage, more reliable workflows will be built.
Dileep Karri: And, it is… You know, tested pretty good.
Dileep Karri: So, let me open that up for you, so that we will understand how it is, and how we can build it.
Dileep Karri: First, you go to natmcp.com, Say, start for free.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll say this, I'll continue with Google.
Dileep Karri: I log in.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I have 100 requests per day, and I can do rate limits, etc, and all that. Now, I can connect any of the clients, okay? I can connect various integrations, I can connect everything that is required.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So I can configure Cloud Desktop, I can configure anything that I want for this usage. But here, what I'll do is, I'll say Connect Client.
Dileep Karri: So, this is the API key that I might need to use, but I can connect multiple things via this. So, first, this, I will have to copy the CLI command.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I'll have to copy the CLI command, so I'll copy the command over here, and then…
Dileep Karri: Okay? I might have to…
Dileep Karri: add the MCP over here.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, what I've done is I added the MCP server by copying the command from natinmcp.com. Okay? So, quick recap of the steps. I went into natinmcp.com, I signed up using my Google account, I clicked on Connect Client.
Dileep Karri: It showed me the API key, but I will not use that API key. I went into Claude Code, and then
Dileep Karri: in Claude code, it gave me the command, and if you see here, I can connect multiple ones. I can connect with Claude, Claude, I can connect with
Dileep Karri: You know, multiple,
Dileep Karri: you know, instances CLI, OpenCore, Gemini, Warp, Mistral, Raycast, Genspark, you name it, you have the integration.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I can use multiple such things to kind of connect my NATOM.
Dileep Karri: Alright? And the reason why I am kind of…
Dileep Karri: partial towards this, and this is something that you should all understand. If you go to the GitHub, the entire setup, and you look at the stars on the ripple and the forks.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so these are the two things, you should look at it. It has got 13,000 stars, that means 13,000 people liked it. Using it is much more different, okay? 13,000 people have liked it, this NHM MCP.
Dileep Karri: And 2,400 people have actually forked it and are trying to, you know, build on top of this, or try to do something on top of this.
Dileep Karri: So, it is well regarded in the community, alright? And the other part is, look at this part, which is the release.
Dileep Karri: Okay, 12 hours ago, the latest release has come, so it is well maintained.
Dileep Karri: So the community is maintaining it very well, so anything that needs to change, they will take care of it without you trying to work it through.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Everybody clear as to why I'm using NHN MCP? There are other N80 MCP servers which are available. I am using this particular one because I know for a fact that this, you know, the person who is developing this, they are
Dileep Karri: You know, really maintaining it. Community is active over here. 2, you know, 3, 13,000 people have liked it. That means, easily 100,000 people are using it overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So…
Dileep Karri: I have now set this up.
Dileep Karri: Now, I'll get into… Lord?
Dileep Karri: Okay? What MCP servers, Available.
Dileep Karri: Okay, something is off.
Dileep Karri: I'll say, I just… Installed.
Dileep Karri: M8M MCP?
Dileep Karri: Not able to.
Dileep Karri: saved.
Dileep Karri: So, in case you're facing trouble over here, what we can also do is, we can directly give the… this thing, and we can do it.
Dileep Karri: I'll just do this again, I'll… I say remove.
Dileep Karri: An item?
Dileep Karri: MCB… server…
Dileep Karri: Okay, hit an MZP is found.
Dileep Karri: I'll say… no.
Dileep Karri: I'll say remove.
Dileep Karri: I did.
Dileep Karri: to NATM MCP.
Dileep Karri: servers.
Dileep Karri: Check.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so there are two, ones. One is, NA10 Cloud AI NA10, and other is, another thing. Okay, so I will say…
Dileep Karri: Remove… hard… AI NATM.
Dileep Karri: I want to… Configure.
Dileep Karri: Anytime.
Dileep Karri: I'm sweet.
Dileep Karri: So, do you have an API key? Yes, I have the API key, so what I'll do is, I will go back.
Dileep Karri: to the NATON MCP… Dashboard…
Dileep Karri: Okay, I say connect, and copy.
Dileep Karri: Then… so right now, I am directly using it, but when you are using it, ensure that you are keeping it in an environment file, because I am, you know, kind of trying it out in front of you. I am using it directly, but otherwise, do put it in a .env file.
Dileep Karri: GP server is… And let me do it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Do you want to proceed?
Dileep Karri: Yes?
Dileep Karri: Okay, it will do the setup for you, you don't have to worry. It has been configured. Okay, so I had to restart, so I'll quit.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll… Say, Claude?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, is… my NAT and MCP.
Dileep Karri: So, working.
Dileep Karri: So you'll have to, kind of, do this.
Dileep Karri: I think I'll disable that, first of all.
Dileep Karri: So, here… I'll go into Settings.
Dileep Karri: you can share it locally in the Cloud Code directory. You're working in a Cloud Code directory, right? So you can kind of store it over there.
Dileep Karri: So I'll go to Developer.
Dileep Karri: And,
Dileep Karri: There are multiple files.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I have disconnected the editor. So I cannot edit config in developer, because this is something I have installed from the web.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, I'll quit.
Dileep Karri: And I'll restart.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now I'm here, I'll say, what are the… MCP service… Available.
Dileep Karri: For me?
Dileep Karri: I'm doing it the longer way, just so that I can show you if you're stuck up with any step, you know how to recover.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Alright.
Dileep Karri: And you… Check… and it MCT server.
Dileep Karri: just… Instruct.
Dileep Karri: If this doesn't work, there is one more way to install, we will try that also, okay?
Dileep Karri: This is the last attempt I'm going to make with this.
Dileep Karri: And,
Dileep Karri: If I'm not able to do it, I'll show you another way to install it. So, I want you to understand that sometimes installations are a little painful, and I wanted to show you that even with a lot of experience, you will run into mistakes. The way you need to troubleshoot and try to get it working, that is also an important part.
Dileep Karri: Okay, let it figure it out.
Dileep Karri: The server is configured for the project settings, doesn't appear to be active in the current session. Server failed to connect, etc. So I'll say, test the…
Dileep Karri: connectivity.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I need to link my NATON instance.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what I'll do is, what is my NHN instance? How do I figure out? I'll go here.
Dileep Karri: This part, right, this is my NATEN instance, the .cloud one.
Dileep Karri: I'll copy this.
Dileep Karri: Come back here.
Dileep Karri: I'll say… This is my… And Ayton… instance.
Dileep Karri: You are learning… Have the… API key.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so Claude Code is intelligently trying to go again and trying to fetch the innate and MCP, and it is trying to do that.
Dileep Karri: So, we can do it from there also, but now N8 and MCP, they have become paid, so that's why you have to sign up and get the API key, and that's why we are doing all the steps.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, there are steps there, okay, but, we are able to do this. So, you need to go to this thing I already have, and link your NATON instance there. Okay, so I need to set up the instance there.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let me go there.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, the instance URL, and restaurants ate.
Dileep Karri: Oh, sorry, the NAT and API key, I'm sorry for that.
Dileep Karri: So, here…
Dileep Karri: Right? The URL is this part, which is outskillgef.app.naton.cloud, this is the URL, okay? Then the API key is this one, NATON API key.
Dileep Karri: Okay, click on this.
Dileep Karri: say, create and hit an API key, I'll call it plot code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I will say… Say you?
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll copy this.
Dileep Karri: Then, I'll go to the dashboard.
Dileep Karri: I will put that API key, and I'll add the instance.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so my NATEN instance is now connected.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I have put the NATEN instance.
Dileep Karri: It is called CopyClip. What I'm using is called CopyClip.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: I have updated…
Dileep Karri: I have done the… option.
Dileep Karri: That is the… Posted Service.
Dileep Karri: approach.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now it is responding, it is… Checking, everything.
Dileep Karri: Okay, now your N80 MCP server is working.
Dileep Karri: So you're asking us to quit?
Dileep Karri: Okay, dial again. Launch.
Dileep Karri: And then, it should be working.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so just let us check if the N10MCP server is working. Chef if NA10MCP server is… Working car.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it is working.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so that is the approach, like, there should be… there'll be trial and error. Even though you know the steps, you will miss it. Don't get anxious, don't get frightened, just go with the flow. Eventually, you should be able to fix it all.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let me quickly recap the steps that I have done to configure this MCP server, okay? So for that, first thing I did was I went to NA10,
Dileep Karri: MCP, dot com.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I signed up, then I connected my N80 instance. Okay, this is the ideal steps I've had to do, because there are a lot of things have changed. Earlier, this was not required, now they made it mandatory. I connected my N10 instance.
Dileep Karri: For that, if it is self-hosted, you have to give the URL, or if it is cloud-hosted, you'll have to get the URL, and you get the URL over here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the URL that you give. Then you get the API key.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and that API key you get from Settings.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So once you have connected the NATON instance, From the dashboard.
Dileep Karri: get the… API key.
Dileep Karri: This is the API key for N8 and MCP, not the API key for… Anyone instance, both are different.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Get the API key for N8 and MCP.
Dileep Karri: And then, you drop it in Claude code.
Dileep Karri: to connect.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So then, your NATON MCP is configured and working.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so we have now configured our N80 MCP, for now, okay? Where our N10 MCP is configured, which can work with our N80 account and do this, and whatever we want to do, okay? So that is what we have done. The next step is…
Dileep Karri: configuring… the NATM skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Setup is painful, I understand, but then the results are fruitful, okay?
Dileep Karri: I think somewhere you have to put this tagline, setup is painful, results are fruitful.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so now, what we'll do is… We will go into NATEM.
Dileep Karri: Skills?
Dileep Karri: This is not as painful, okay? So, this is not as painful, okay? So, what it does is.
Dileep Karri: It gives you 7 expert skills. One is expression syntax, where it can go over different templating patterns. It will navigate the NAT and MCP tool selection. It'll select which tool to use for which instance.
Dileep Karri: You can learn, PHY, it will learn the various workflow patterns. It's a validation expert node configuration. You can set up Python N80 code modules or JavaScript NATON code modules. It can do all of this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Installation methods, this is super simple and very thankful, okay? You just have to run this command inside Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there is this command over here. You'll have to run it inside, Cloud Code, okay? So, I copied the command.
Dileep Karri: And I paste it.
Dileep Karri: And I say, enter.
Dileep Karri: Okay, what was supposed to be easy? It's now…
Dileep Karri: I don't know why it's not doing. Anyways, let me… Check it again.
Dileep Karri: Let me see in the GitHub if the command has changed.
Dileep Karri: I don't know why.
Dileep Karri: This one seems to be working.
Dileep Karri: Okay, when it is not able to do it, it automatically goes through the GitHub repo, And,
Dileep Karri: Check it out.
Dileep Karri: Let me try this other command.
Dileep Karri: I'm able to install.
Dileep Karri: Try again.
Dileep Karri: Raya?
Dileep Karri: Good help.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so the more,
Dileep Karri: Okay, all 7 and 8 and skills have been installed.
Dileep Karri: Annet expression syntax, and it an MCP tools expert, NHN workflow patterns, init and violation expert, anything node config, and it core JavaScript, etc, and all that. So let us quit and restart. So every time you install something new, you always have to quit and restart.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now we are ready to actually build our innate and workflows, okay? So we have set up the innate and MCP, we have set up Innate and skills, okay? Everybody clear so far what I've done? If you have any doubts, okay, you can check it out. I have not done anything. What I did was.
Dileep Karri: I gave the GitHub repo to Cloud Code, and I said, here is a GitHub repo, you figure out how to install the skills. So then it kind of made multiple commands, and we have made it work.
Dileep Karri: So, right now, the… these skills in Cloud Code, they… I don't think they are available inside Cloud desktop. These both are different tools.
Dileep Karri: Okay? These are inside Cloud Code, and especially they are inside my system over here, which is the AI automation agency. It is not global yet.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, those are all present inside my directories, and I'll show you how it… what I mean.
Dileep Karri: So, if I look at this…
Dileep Karri: Right? I have this hidden folder.claw, so there are these multiple things over here. There should be some skills also.
Dileep Karri: Not sure, I'm not finding it, but yeah. Basically, the short answer is no, you cannot do that. You'll have to set up the skills separately.
Dileep Karri: But it's straightforward, those skills are already available, you can do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Everybody clear so far? Any doubts till now? How we had set up? It is a little difficult, I know, it's a little confusing, but, you know, we can do this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I repeated the part, right? I kind of recapped over here, Balraj, if you remember, init and MCP, you connected the init instance, you got in the URL, you put in the API key of your NHN,
Dileep Karri: Then, in the dashboard, you put the API key, you put the init MCP, dropped it in Cloud Code to connect.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that is how you do init MCP. Anit and skills, the best way is, there is a GitHub repo, I will share all the GitHub repos with you. Okay, so this GitHub repo…
Dileep Karri: Right? I have… given it to, gave the GitHub report to Claude Code.
Dileep Karri: And asked it to figure out how to install the skills.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Most of it, right? Most of it…
Dileep Karri: is going to be something that, you know, we are going to figure out on the fly. It is not going to be as simple as everywhere. You have to kind of figure this part out. So, anyways, towards the end, when I talk about things, I'll tell you, for beginners, right, if you're finding this a little bit overwhelming, I would suggest you to start off with the first two sessions I have done.
Dileep Karri: And then, yesterday's and todays, we can, do this.
Dileep Karri: Yes, when you, when you want to search for it, you can do that, and I'll also show you… share some for, you know, some good skill directories which are already available.
Dileep Karri: Okay, let me see. When you create a product using Cloud Code Desktop, how do we use them in our web app? You have the code, right? So you can use it in any of the web apps, so you have to host it. It's a code, you can put it anywhere.
Dileep Karri: Okay, clear, NATOM MCP set up, N8M skills set up, everybody clear? Can I have a yes on the chat so that I know that you're all paying attention?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Great. Now is the part where we'll actually build the workflow.
Dileep Karri: Okay? How you'll build the workflow. Now, here is a tip for building your NATON workflow. I would say sketch it by your hand.
Dileep Karri: You sketch the NATON workflow by your hand, or the way I'm showing you try to do that, and then give that screenshot and say, I want you to build this NATON workflow.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Why I'm telling you that, okay? So that it doesn't overcomplicate the stuff and tries to follow the process.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So, because you already know NA10, the best way to
Dileep Karri: build an NATO workflow in Cloud Code that I have seen.
Dileep Karri: Is, first, sketch out your workflow.
Dileep Karri: As I always keep saying, if you don't have clarity in your head on what you're wanting to build, you will never have clarity on, you know, how NATEN can build it for you.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so you need to sketch out any of your workflows.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let us now sketch out, one particular workflow that can be used, and that could be something like, you know.
Dileep Karri: Let us say I want to… I got an email, But I might… reagency… landing page.
Dileep Karri: Or I will say, I got emails, okay? I got some email.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, after I got the email.
Dileep Karri: Plus, I got the landing page.
Dileep Karri: I got the proposal right. I got the proposal or the questionnaire from the people after I sent the requirements.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Can I pick a simple problem?
Dileep Karri: And build the automation.
Dileep Karri: So I'm taking a difficult path over here. I'm trying to challenge myself to see if I can build an automation around this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let us assume… so can somebody share your landing page and your email on the chat?
Dileep Karri: Your email, and some landing page that you have on the chat.
Dileep Karri: Okay, mashed service, so we will take Sylvia's fastest fingers first.
Dileep Karri: And Sylvia.This thing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let us start the process.
Dileep Karri: Or my… reagency.
Dileep Karri: I got… the email.
Dileep Karri: And I got the landing page.
Dileep Karri: I want to create… Requirements… Questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: that I want to… Build for them.
Dileep Karri: Use the appropriate agents available.
Dileep Karri: So now, what I'm doing is, I'm trying to bring everything together. It's what we have been building over the past few days, right? We build the requirements agent, we build the proposal agent, we have a landing page creator agent, we have multiple things. I'm trying to bring it all together to see if I can really run an automation agency out of Cloud Code, okay? I'm not saying that I will run it completely, I at least want to make an attempt and see
Dileep Karri: see if I can build those automations from Cloud Code itself.
Dileep Karri: Okay, first is what automation I have to build.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so you know everything, right? If I say I want a newsletter, you know, automation, you can build those. Whatever you want, you can build it. But what to build? That is the gap that is present. So, how can you intelligently figure out what to build, and then figure, you know, extrapolate on all that?
Dileep Karri: So when I'm actually setting this up, when I build the landing page, I need to set up a way, to, you know.
Dileep Karri: Right? The user runs an agency called Regency, and they have got a new client lead. I'll say, yes.
Dileep Karri: So it is doing all the search, for, on Sylvia's, website and agency.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Is this, you or Sylvia, mashedConsultingLC.com, or is it somebody else? I don't know.
Dileep Karri: Oh, it's yours, then?
Dileep Karri: Okay, go ahead.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it's intelligent enough. Though you didn't give me the website, Claude Code tried to search and get… got another website so that I can create that questionnaire for you.
Dileep Karri: So a lot of real work is iterative and noisy, like what you're seeing here. It is not so straightforward. You'll keep facing roadblocks, you'll have to overcome, and you have to correct those.
Dileep Karri: Okay, as it does it, right, what I will do is…
Dileep Karri: Suppose you were to build some kind of automation.
Dileep Karri: Okay, let me go to…
Dileep Karri: So, agentic AI-powered RevOps and marketing for B2B GTM teams.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That's good.
Dileep Karri: It's already done.
Dileep Karri: Create a new… Requirements are… Okay, fine.
Dileep Karri: I'm there.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, so now I can… do this.
Dileep Karri: So, Matt, matchedconsultingrequirements.md is available.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now, like last time, what I'll do is, I'll quickly…
Dileep Karri: Go to chat.
Dileep Karri: I'll add that, requirements.md file, so… I'll go to…
Dileep Karri: AI projects, AI Automation Agency.
Dileep Karri: Alright, and I have the…
Dileep Karri: Give me mock answers.
Dileep Karri: Further questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: And give it to me.
Dileep Karri: Azer?
Dileep Karri: Walk down.
Dileep Karri: Doc?
Dileep Karri: the… Processing.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so ideal ways, I will send this to Sylvia. Sylvia goes through it, fills the details, and
Dileep Karri: you know, kind of gives me the complete answers, but I'm kind of skipping that loop, okay? So when you do it for your own agency, etc, you will have to, of course, run this complete process, get the requirements. I'll show you a workflow by which I will take these answers and then decide what are those automations that I would like to build for this. And then, I will use the innate and
Dileep Karri: To actually build that.
Dileep Karri: Everybody's following it, what I've done so far, I've taken Sylvia's, landing page, I created the requirements overall, I am now kind of getting the mock responses, overall, from her.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And then I will use this, I will use it as an input inside my Cloud code to actually work with that, okay?
Dileep Karri: Alright, I will download.
Dileep Karri: And I'll put it right inside my…
Dileep Karri: I'm gonna stick.
Dileep Karri: Biggest pain point is, SOWs in short time. Okay, got it. Let us see what, Claude Code says, okay?
Dileep Karri: Because assort statement of work, right? For that, I don't think innaton is the right way to build, you'll have to use Claude code only.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I will address that towards the end. I'll take some questions from all of you, and in the office hours, come up with more problems that you have, and we can discuss in office hours how you can solve that with Claude Code, or should you… why you should not use Claude Code to solve those questions.
Dileep Karri: Okay, we'll do that. So now, what I'll do is… when I say at.
Dileep Karri: Use the… Fine.
Dileep Karri: I'm just checking the name of the file.
Dileep Karri: Brian?
Dileep Karri: And go through it.
Dileep Karri: As an AI automations expert, And tell me, in descending order, What are the… AI… automations… We can.
Dileep Karri: Wait a minute.
Dileep Karri: Okay, sometimes you don't even have to, you know, kind of,
Dileep Karri: Attach the file, you can easily tell the file name, and it should be able to read it up.
Dileep Karri: So what I'm attempting to do is.
Dileep Karri: how can I run my AI automation agency in an AI-minative manner? Okay, so I… towards the end, we will actually try to build everything together, okay? So, this is the one. So, it has said, here is a quick summary of what the questionnaire covers for Sylvia.
Dileep Karri: Right? And, it is saying, AI-led qualification bot, which is the highest impact, conversational AI embedded into this thing, etc, etc. And, client knowledge base support chatbot, a RAG chatbot, overall.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: then,
Dileep Karri: AI proposal generator, I think very similar to this thing. System takes the, you know, discovery call, transcripts, etc, and all that, and how can you draft a formatted proposal over here?
Dileep Karri: And, this is the kind of thing that you want to build. Intelligent Spreadsheet analyzer, Auto Documentation Generator. So I'll take up this AI proposal generator and see if we can build it out in NATON or not.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: And say, this… I want to build this… out in… NA10.
Dileep Karri: Give me the… Plan of different workflows.
Dileep Karri: We can build.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I'll go into planning mode.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So I have… if you remember, if you saw here, I pressed Shift and Tab, and I put the plan mode on, because now I want to plan and check how I can build this out.
Dileep Karri: You are missing the point. First, tell me what are the different workflows on N80 that we can build? Brainstorm with me the workflows, then you can search on N80, MCP, etc.
Dileep Karri: Sometimes they are over-eager, they directly get into building stuff. At that point in time, you should interrupt and then clarify what you want.
Dileep Karri: Folks, you're understanding, right? I can actually… I could have made a very neat workflow wherein I prepare exactly what automation to build, very neatly show that, you know what, I can build this workflow in front of you, but that doesn't really work, right? So that's why I want to kind of show this. So it is saying, this is the workflow breakdown.
Dileep Karri: Right? Which is discovery call transcript capture. Like, if I have the Zoom call, I can, you know, automatically pull the Zoom recording or transcript. Then I have the manual notes in Kik, for calls that weren't recorded or quick phone calls. I can fill a structured form overall. Then I can do AI extraction, which can read the structured notes, etc.
Dileep Karri: then I can kind of think about, you know, the various pricing and estimation engine, and then, you know, kind of build a proposal document generator, then review and approval, right, where I can send an email with the draft, and then I can, you know.
Dileep Karri: Do the rest of the stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I will give some inputs.
Dileep Karri: I say, for the basic MVP I want to build, I can go with
Dileep Karri: two form notes in the beginning, one form where I will just attach some transcript of a call, or another form wherein I give the structured, you know, notes from the meeting which somebody fills it. Either of those should kind of trigger the workflow, and I want to stop it at the point where I make the proposal in Markdown.
Dileep Karri: or HTML, and I email the proposal to Sylvia. I just want to do it till that point right now. The rest of it, we can build in the next phase. Now, give me the modified workflow plan.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So… Now, let me…
Dileep Karri: go with it. Invasive cannot build it, so let us see how it is going to build it up.
Dileep Karri: So it is looking at form trigger, it is looking at AI notes, and it is looking at, different things.
Dileep Karri: And I will allow you to do this. So this is why tokens get used when you are trying to work with N8 and MCP, etc.
Dileep Karri: Right? Because this NATN will go search for the nodes in the documentation, and that, every time, right, you look at this 300 lines, 200 lines, 219 lines, 291 lines, etc, all that, you are always kind of working with that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I will say I might use open router, okay? I might use open router.
Dileep Karri: Over here.
Dileep Karri: I think great for proposals, I'll check Anthropic.
Dileep Karri: Email method is Gmail.
Dileep Karri: And I'll say submit.
Dileep Karri: Now it is going to write the complete plan, like, what are the nodes that are going to be built, and how will you do this. So whenever you are also brainstorming, right, don't say, build this automation.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is exactly that. This is the plan mode I am on. Okay? So what mode I am currently on in Cloud Code is the plan mode. You can… you have to press Shift-Tab, and you'll circle to the modes.
Dileep Karri: Yes, Gmail and OAuth2, that's exactly what you're doing.
Dileep Karri: One thing you should remember is, it will build the nodes for you. Configuration, again, you'll have to do it in the NATM workspace.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it doesn't know the configuration, etc, and all that, right? So sometimes you have to kind of do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, here it go.
Dileep Karri: So this is a plan. Workflow 1 is a transcript input, where a raw call transcript comes in, and I can kind of use it into this thing, passes it to the core engine, etc. Plan AI proposal for this.
Dileep Karri: So, for this architecture, 3 workflows.
Dileep Karri: Nodes form trigger, AI extract basic lang chain, then I have structured output parser, then I can set the node for everything, execute the workflow, etc.
Dileep Karri: Claude Extraction prompt.
Dileep Karri: Structure notes output.
Dileep Karri: Etc, and all that.
Dileep Karri: Don't… Proceed… Yet… what I want to… Is that…
Dileep Karri: Right now, you are putting 3 workflows.
Dileep Karri: For now, let us create only Workflow 1, which is based on the transcript input, okay? We'll ignore the other parts.
Dileep Karri: Let us only work on that part, and then we can build something else. In terms of credentials, I don't want you to take any credentials right here. I'll set up the credentials right from the NATEN workflow itself.
Dileep Karri: You just build this workflow inside N8, and for me, I will set up all the credentials as required.
Dileep Karri: So, be very careful, get your plan completely sorted, and then only allow it to build. Okay? The amount of time you spend here on planning, this will give you a great dividend when you're actually debugging your NATON workflow.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: So, node by node build, entry point, with client name, client email, additional notes, then extract the project details. LLM subnode configures the API key.
Dileep Karri: then ensures Cloud extraction is valid JSON, calculate pricing, generate proposal, then Claude Model 2, send the proposal to the client email.
Dileep Karri: etc, all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, this is good for me. Now, I can set up the NATEN API.
Dileep Karri: Everybody clear so far? I have spent a lot of time in kind of going through the workflow.
Dileep Karri: The plan and everything.
Dileep Karri: Now is when I am actually creating that workflow inside an ATEM.
Dileep Karri: So, if you see here, NATON MCP is now creating the workflow inside my NATON instance.
Dileep Karri: One other thing I have seen people do is they map out the innate workflow on some kind of whiteboard or a piece of paper, right? Then I'll say proceed.
Dileep Karri: So, NATON has built it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so the workflow of matched proposal generator has been created. Let us check on N8 and what has happened.
Dileep Karri: So, it is… basically, it is typically using those skills, right? So basically, which skill it has picked up, I'm not really sure, but when you are using the N8 and MCP, inherently, some skills are already used. So, we don't know yet what skills are used over here, but inherently, it is…
Dileep Karri: Already used, so let us check.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the matched proposal generator is here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so I have the output parser, I have the input form.
Dileep Karri: project details, calculate pricing, generate proposal, send proposal, email. I just have to set up everything. I need to just give the API key for Anthropic, I need to set up the API key over here, and I just need to set up the configuration. You have a ready-made workflow that you can use and build.
Dileep Karri: Right? Everybody clear how we used Claude code to actually use Anaton?
Dileep Karri: Anybody, any questions or doubts so far?
Dileep Karri: Okay? And further, if you open the node, sorry, not this, here, of course, you have to put the…
Dileep Karri: this thing, okay? If you actually open the project details, and I open this up.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I have the complete, prompt also. So, based on what I actually… I'm looking for, it has built the complete JSON object prompt
Dileep Karri: That is, required, and then from that prompt, you can calculate the pricing, which is the basic pricing that was mentioned, so it is used it. If you want to change this pricing into some other way, you'll have to kind of check it and use it.
Dileep Karri: And then you can generate the proposal, which can then be sent to anybody overall, and set it up.
Dileep Karri: Okay, any questions before we move to the next part?
Dileep Karri: Okay, quick recap of everything. Alright, let us do a quick recap.
Dileep Karri: The first thing that we need to do is we need to set up Nate and MCP.
Dileep Karri: and innaton Skills.
Dileep Karri: These are the two things I need to set up. How to set up, I have gone through in detail, so I'll not repeat this part. We need to set up the NHN MCP and the NATON skills. That is the first step.
Dileep Karri: Next step, what I have done is to test this out properly. The main problem I wanted to solve is what AI automation
Dileep Karri: to build.
Dileep Karri: Because if I know what to build, N8 and MCP and N8 and Skills can build it for me, like you have seen.
Dileep Karri: So, how do I decide what AI automations to build? For that, the workflow I have done is, I took Sylvia's…
Dileep Karri: landing page.
Dileep Karri: LP plus email.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And using this, I created the requirements…
Dileep Karri: Questionnaire. I have taken this requirements questionnaire.
Dileep Karri: And got a mock answer.
Dileep Karri: I use the mock answers to brainstorm on AI automations I can offer as a service.
Dileep Karri: Then, I pressed Shift plus Tab, To go into plan mode, And, brainstorm various workflows.
Dileep Karri: Picked one.
Dileep Karri: And built another workflow.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, I checked the workflow steps.
Dileep Karri: And only when satisfied.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I got an ATM.
Dileep Karri: to build it.
Dileep Karri: If you saw, the building part was super simple. I just had to say, build this, it builds the entire flow. But architecting the solution of, okay, what do I need to build? What are the nodes required? What are the things required? If you remember, right, it said things like, I will use a structured form.
Dileep Karri: Or I will use a transcript, etc. Then, as a human, you said, forget all the other things.
Dileep Karri: And, you know, I am trying to build it out completely.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that's exactly how you are trying to build the innate and automations with Cloud Code. See, building innate and automations is not hard, okay? That is absolutely not hard. The only part is setup. Once you do the setup, you can say, build this automation for me, it can build it.
Dileep Karri: The hard part is to figure out what is the exact automation to build.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you are trying to understand what is that automation to build, and that is the process that I tried to simulate over here. And I did a lot of back and forth with cloud code, so this is what I did here, is I call it sparing with the AI.
Dileep Karri: So I sparred with Cloudcore to exactly figure out what is it that I want to build. I rejected some few suggestions, and I've been… I am, like, an active partner here, trying to build that, and then, finally, I built it in.
Dileep Karri: this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, any questions so far? If there are no questions, or you need time to absorb, I'll give you, like, a quick 3-4 minute break, and then we'll come back and resume the other, advanced part.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Should we add error checks and what to do when that happens?
Dileep Karri: Error checks, I'm not sure what do you mean by that. Unless you run the workflow, you'll not know. So, I'm not sure what you mean by that.
Dileep Karri: error checks within the workflow. If you feel that you need some humor in the loop, you can add that. Otherwise, it's up to you.
Dileep Karri: Okay, here, before I… one human in the loop I'll do is, before I send it to the client, I will maybe, mail it to Sylvia herself, or I will say, Sylvia can mail to herself, check the proposal before sending, or I will keep it in the outdrafts.
Dileep Karri: So that Sylvia can check, and then send it only when the proposal is made.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Alright, so how many tokens, would you, send,
Dileep Karri: How many tokens we would have spent, right? Let us estimate… Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, what I'll do is, I'll say usage.
Dileep Karri: So, we used 10%, though I was at 0%,
Dileep Karri: So, we used 10% in the current session. So, 10% means 200,000, 10%, it will be 20,000 tokens that we have used.
Dileep Karri: Correct. So, Danaji, absolutely right about, you know, the…
Dileep Karri: Yeah, yeah, Sylvia, I'll share it. All the documents, answers, everything, I will, share it with you, don't worry.
Dileep Karri: I'll share it on the LMS itself so that everybody can take a look.
Dileep Karri: It'll be there with you also.
Dileep Karri: Then, what tips you have to make the installation of anything error-free, or is it possible?
Dileep Karri: What I would say is.
Dileep Karri: sign up on N8 and MCP, set up your instance, your API key there beforehand, before you connect it to Cloud Code.
Dileep Karri: I think that is the way to reduce the errors. I thought, without that, from Claude code itself, I can connect to that N8 and MCP, but it was clashing. Until and unless I connected the N8 and MCP, my instance, inside N8 and MCP, it was not possible.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Yes, Claude's skill was very important, and the skill actually told which MCP tool to use for which use case. So the skill was kind of working underneath all that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And if you want to be even more clear that the skills have to be invoked, you can write an agent which can use the NATON MCP and the NATON skills, and you can build that agent inside. I can call it NATON Builder, which can do that.
Dileep Karri: Does that work out between $15 to $20? It will not be $15, because it is $15 for 200,000 tokens, so 10%, I think the entire thing would have spent $2 to $3. Today's thing session is $2, around $2 to $3.
Dileep Karri: Okay, but every time you say, you know what, change it, change that, etc, and all that, it will increase, so expect…
Dileep Karri: $2 to $3, expect $10 to $20 minimum for one proper automations.
Dileep Karri: Okay, $10 to $20 for a proper automation, and I will show you one tweet I have seen today, okay? I think that should clearly help you.
Dileep Karri: with, respect to what I'm talking about. The costs of VIP coding. Okay, after that, I'll give you a break.
Dileep Karri: And we'll come back and resume Ralph Loop and other stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so…
Dileep Karri: Okay, let me go to my personal loan only.
Dileep Karri: So today only I was seeing, so, which was very, very…
Dileep Karri: Good, so let me call…
Dileep Karri: So, this is the president and CEO of Y Combinator.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and he's now pretty much into VIP coding.
Dileep Karri: Where is that?
Dileep Karri: Just a second.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, so this is the one I wanted to show.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, Gary Tan had actually built this app called Posterous.
Dileep Karri: So, when he built it, right, back then, when he was a founder, he took 730 days, 5 people, 3,650 personal days, and the capital was around $5 million.
Dileep Karri: Okay? The same product, he has started vibecoding it, and he is calling it Gary's List. Exact same features, what he had built then. Now, it took him 21 days, 1 person, with 21 person days, and the cost involved was around $1,000.
Dileep Karri: Now, the way I kind of wanted to, check with you is, yes.
Dileep Karri: $1,000 is too high an amount.
Dileep Karri: to build any app. But look at the comparison, the, you know, kind of the posterous app which he has built versus Gary's list, and if you look at the table in complete perspective, right, you'll feel that it is…
Dileep Karri: really, you know, awesome. So that is the impact of innovative wipe coding.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so wipe coding is not something that, you know, if you think about this, right, every white coding we do, we are, you know, kind of shelling out dollars, and that's why it is very important why and what we are building it for. That thought has to be very important.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this should give you the idea that, what are the costs, involved. Resource costs, 21 days, right? The capital is, $5 million. Easily, it would, okay, add another $2,000, or something else.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so let me take these questions. Oh, great, you met Gary, nice.
Dileep Karri: For simple workflows, we could use Claude Code to figure out the optimized workflow, and then you could build it ourselves on any 10 to save some tokens. Absolutely, you should not…
Dileep Karri: Again, going back to my favorite example, don't use…
Dileep Karri: something like a nuclear bomb to kill a mosquito. If there's a simple task, do it yourself, don't go into clot code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then…
Dileep Karri: Cloud Code didn't have a reference. Cloud Code had a feature understanding, I would say. Because the person had built it before, he was replicating it feature by feature. I will just say that this person had a very clear understanding of what to build, and even without that, right, if I want to build an application… By the way, Posterous is a blogging site, okay? I knew, I used Posterous, so I know very clearly.
Dileep Karri: It was a blogging site. There are hundreds of blogging sites which are available.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, even if we do that.
Dileep Karri: We can do this. Even if we build the workflow ourselves, we need the prompts and the code for the nodes, so it beats the purpose. But still, if you already have an AI subscription, you can wipe code the code, you can wipe code the… build the prompts, and you can paste it. So it depends on you.
Dileep Karri: how you want to do it. Sometimes you want to maintain control, and you say that here is the prompt, paste this prompt inside, so that it can work.
Dileep Karri: Okay? It is up to you as to how much control you want to keep with yourself.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Clear. So let's take a quick 5-minute break, then we'll come back and we will go through different workflows. And, this one, I will just…
Dileep Karri: show you how to do that. I cannot build it because the workflows I'm going to share are workflows which run completely through the night.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so it is not a workflow that can get over within a session. These are workflows which run through the night. So I'll explain those three workflows, what is the principles, etc, how do you set it up, and we will take it forward. Okay? I warned you, right? Don't say I did not warn you. You guys wanted, I want that complex N8, and I am interested with N8, and etc.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, let us take a quick break of 5 minutes, okay? After that… now, don't worry, I'll just give you the explanations. I will tell you some very good tips and tricks on how you can take cloud code to the next level.
Dileep Karri: Alright, we'll take a quick break of 5 minutes, and then we'll be back.
Dileep Karri: Are we all back?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So don't worry about the resources part, I'll just show you.
Dileep Karri: I have already curated a bunch of stuff. Where is my Apple Note, okay? So I have already curated a bunch of resources which I thought I'll share with you. So these are some of the
Dileep Karri: pest resources that I found. So, all these links I'll share with you, which you can then refer on your own, this thing, okay? So, this will be uploaded onto the LMS.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now we are going to the next part of the session. This will be, like, one part is, I'm going to explain about different, I would call it, what do you say?
Dileep Karri: building products.
Dileep Karri: So, we'll say building products with…
Dileep Karri: Claude code. What are the different methods?
Dileep Karri: Of building products, and the caveat is, closer to production.
Dileep Karri: So, different ways to build products in Cloud Code which are closer to production. That's what we are trying to do over here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so if we are trying to build products with Cloud Code which are closer to production, and there are 3 methods, or 3 frameworks, that have been used.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: First, I'll discuss Ralph.
Dileep Karri: There is something called the Ralph Loop.
Dileep Karri: Second is… Compound Engineering.
Dileep Karri: And the third one is called GSD.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I will explain each of this. What my suggestion to you is, there is nothing which is better, nothing which is worse. Each is their own, and they have a lot of people
Dileep Karri: Have used these, you know,
Dileep Karri: methods to build products. So, I'll start with Ralph Lupe.
Dileep Karri: And I'll tell you what is the key idea behind Ralph Loop.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So first, what is Ralph Loop?
Dileep Karri: Okay, Ralph Loop is simple. What it does is, you can summarize Ralph Loop in this manner.
Dileep Karri: Do build… features… product, Okay, build features of product until success condition.
Dileep Karri: is achieved.
Dileep Karri: And you run multiple iterations.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the exact way Ralph Loop works, where you are saying, I want you to build the features of a product, run it for multiple times until the success condition is achieved. So, let me open the resource and explain that even more detail.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the Ralph Loop. So basically what it tells is, iteration is greater than perfection. Don't try to be perfect on the first try, let the loop refine the work. So you try to, if suppose you have got 10 features of your product, you build one feature in one iteration.
Dileep Karri: Then, the second feature and second iteration and combine it with first feature, etc. Anytime you're getting an error, you pass it to the next iteration to fix it.
Dileep Karri: So that is what it works. So the iteration is greater than perfection, okay? So then the other part is writing good prompts is important, it is not just having a good model, okay? And you keep trying until you find success.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is what it is. One thing that I will, you know, want to tell you is, there is this official plugin that Anthropic has released for Ralph that is the wrong Ralph Loop.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, Sylvia, that is the wrong Ralph Loof. I was about to come to that. Because…
Dileep Karri: you know, in a way, yes, but this will formalize that process, okay? There is a lot of underneath things which happen, which are not taken care of by us, okay? So, there are some underneath, things which happen under, like, you know, overall, which…
Dileep Karri: A little complex to discuss, but I'll try to keep it as simple as possible, but that is the entire thing behind the Ralph Luke.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what I will show you is the actual Ralph loop, which is by this thing, Snark Tank Ralph.
Dileep Karri: So this is the actual Ralph Loop. I'm going to…
Dileep Karri: put it here, and I'll tell you the major difference between this Ralph Loop and Anthropic's Ralph Loop.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And that is the, difference between sky and earth.
Dileep Karri: Alright? In… so it is all about anthropic sloop, okay? The anthropic… Ralph…
Dileep Karri: What it does it? What it does is… all iterations…
Dileep Karri: Run in the same… or Claude or context instance.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that means, if I build one iteration, the second iteration, I am still using some context within Ralph.
Dileep Karri: Or some context within Cloud Core.
Dileep Karri: Third iteration, if it overflows, then I clear the context, etc. So I am not flushing out the context every time while building.
Dileep Karri: Okay, that is what Anthropic Rolf does.
Dileep Karri: the actual Rolf.
Dileep Karri: Okay? What it does is, every iteration.
Dileep Karri: The context is… fleshed out.
Dileep Karri: Okay, every iteration is new, your context is zero, you are starting from everything.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Anthropic Ralph, you are running in the same instance, so you are retaining the context. Actual Ralph, the way it was intended to run, every iteration, the context is flushed out. Now, why is this so? There have been some AI research work done
Dileep Karri: So, clot.md retains some context, yes, but it is not the actual context window of the LLM that is imported.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Cloud.md can retain context. That's… that is fine.
Dileep Karri: AI research came to find out that there is this problem called context Rot.
Dileep Karri: That happens.
Dileep Karri: What does it mean?
Dileep Karri: If your context is greater than 50%,
Dileep Karri: Right? If your context is greater than 50%, that is, you are using 100K tokens of context…
Dileep Karri: There is a high chance Of code quality or output quality degrading.
Dileep Karri: Okay, why it happens, what happens, that is too difficult for you to understand, but think about this. When there is too much context in the window, Claude kind of has a degradation in the ability to pick the right things that are required.
Dileep Karri: It gets confused.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And therefore, Ralph Loop tries to overcome it by saying, I will build 10 features, if I will build 10 features. I will build in 10 iterations, but every time I'll flush the context.
Dileep Karri: I will have a progress.
Dileep Karri: Progress.txt file tells whether the feature one is built, what errors have come. These type of errors have come, so take care in the next iteration, and so on, and that is what Ralph Lu does.
Dileep Karri: Okay? How many of you have understood nothing with what I have said so far?
Dileep Karri: Anybody who… for whom it's complete bouncer?
Dileep Karri: Okay? I will take it a little more simple, okay?
Dileep Karri: I'll make it a little more simple. See, the reason behind this is these are very… Advanced stuff.
Dileep Karri: Right? And that's why we are, doing this. How to prevent, context, rot? We prevent context rot by flushing the context window again and again.
Dileep Karri: Right?
Dileep Karri: Okay. So…
Dileep Karri: Let me give you a simple analogy to kind of tell you what context, you know, Ralph does, okay? Imagine that
Dileep Karri: when I ask you to learn 10 chapters of information and answer questions.
Dileep Karri: I get confused, and I give an answer from another chapter instead of other chapter. Have all of you done social studies exams?
Dileep Karri: Okay? Have you done social studies exams? When you learn the entire textbook, and somebody asks, when did this event happen? Invariably, you will tell one date instead of another, and you mix up the facts. But imagine if I take only one chapter, I can answer the questions more confidently.
Dileep Karri: Why does it happen? Because of context rot. You have consumed so much information.
Dileep Karri: You have consumed so much information, so you're mixing it up.
Dileep Karri: This is not what exactly happens, but you can consider why Ralph Loop works, considering this as an example.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, Prasad, if I had to explain this, I had to go into a lot of detail, so I cannot…
Dileep Karri: do that, okay? I cannot do that. So what I keep doing is, I keep flushing out the context. That means I forget chapter 1, I learn chapter 2, and I try to answer the question, or try to build the feature. I forget 1 and 2, I take 3, build the feature.
Dileep Karri: That is what flushing means. I forget, I unlearn, and I relearn.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Is it clear?
Dileep Karri: Murin has given even more, you know, understanding over there, so you can pick that also as a thing, right? So, basically, when you're trying to build the features, you…
Dileep Karri: You don't come back to Feature 1, you have moved on. Exactly, that is what happens.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Did you understand the concept of Ralph? See, you don't have to understand inside what is happening, what are the different things which are happening, etc.
Dileep Karri: Okay? See, again, I cannot go into too much of detail how continuity is maintained, etc. Just imagine that continuity, etc, is maintained due to the internal RALF systems which are working.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, what it does is, you, you know…
Dileep Karri: When you're running Ralph, this is how it works. It will create a feature branch, it will pick a feature from your product requirements document, pick the highest priority story.
Dileep Karri: Then implement it, run the quality checks. It will commit if the quality checks pass.
Dileep Karri: Update, and then append the learnings, and repeat the…
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: You update, learn, do the learnings, and you repeat the loop. This is the… Kind of way, you know?
Dileep Karri: You build it, you first, you write a PRD,
Dileep Karri: Next step, you convert to PRD.json. Again, you don't have to do it, Ralph will do it internally.
Dileep Karri: Then you run some loop, again, you don't have to worry about it, it is taken care internally.
Dileep Karri: Then you pick a story, Okay? Implement it, commit the changes, update.
Dileep Karri: Save the logs, again, pick the next story.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the loop. Take one feature at a time and keep building it over and over and over again.
Dileep Karri: The problem with this is, you will… if you are having a clod Pro plan, okay, $20 plan.
Dileep Karri: You can easily… So I cannot… okay, yeah.
Dileep Karri: You can easily get lost, and you can easily, without even building that product, all your tokens are lost. So this is a very token intensive.
Dileep Karri: You can imagine, right, you're taking one user story, you are trying to build it thoroughly, you are writing the test.
Dileep Karri: You are checking if the tests are passed, you are then going to commit the changes, you are going to update pared.json, you are going to update the progress.txt to save the learnings, etc. And therefore, if your product is very simple, do not use the Ralph Loop.
Dileep Karri: Even, in fact, all the three things that I'm going to discuss today, you should not use it if your product is super simple.
Dileep Karri: Imagine this, that you are trying to build this out. If you are having a complex product, that is where you use such methods. If you're having a simple tool, which is very easy to build, don't go for these fancy methods.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is what Ralph Loop is, where you are trying to, you know, set up a method where, iteratively, you're building one feature after another.
Dileep Karri: Okay? At least some understanding you got, what Ralph Loop is.
Dileep Karri: Basically, if you want to understand, you can understand that one problem people realized was there is a context rot problem, where too much context is confusing the LLM, so you want a way to create clean code by flushing the context and keeping building it one iteration at a time.
Dileep Karri: Alright, clear?
Dileep Karri: Everybody?
Dileep Karri: Any, anythings, or are we lost?
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Yes, you always… that progress.txt is where you'll use it. See, one thing I'll tell you, okay? This part, what I'm teaching you right now, it is ultra-complex stuff. If you want to come to it later, you can come to it later. You can ignore this if it is getting too confusing to you.
Dileep Karri: This is for people who want to build stuff a little more deeper. For them, I am kind of getting into complex. If it is getting too complex and you're feeling scared about it, just switch off your mind for the next 15-20 minutes, because I'm going to discuss a lot of nuances in other methods overall.
Dileep Karri: I cannot, unfortunately, demonstrate
Dileep Karri: these methods, because if I start demonstrating a method, we'll have to sit the whole night to let the iterations complete.
Dileep Karri: So I just give you the gist of it, I'll tell you how you can set it up, and how you can run it all through.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Initialization part also, I'll tell you how to initialize the RALFU. I'll show you that also.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is the first part. Okay, so let us talk about how we can initialize the RALF loop.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, to initialize the Ralph Loop, you just need to set up this marketplace.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So you can use the Cloud Code Marketplace, hopefully it should work. In case it does not work, we will have to go back and give the…
Dileep Karri: GitHub URL. So I copy this, I go here.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Now, what I'll do is, I'll just clear the context, because I don't require, the…
Dileep Karri: context overall, so I'll clear.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I have cleared the complete context now, and then I can work on this. So now, I'll say.
Dileep Karri: This one?
Dileep Karri: So here, I am kind of… add the marketplace.
Dileep Karri: So, successfully added the marketplace.
Dileep Karri: Then…
Dileep Karri: Install the skill.
Dileep Karri: the app icon.
Dileep Karri: Install.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So here, I can install for me the user scope, the project scope, or in this repo only. Okay? So I can say, for now, I am going to install only here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that, when I install other things, it should not confuse with each other.
Dileep Karri: So, Ralph's skills are installed.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Now I'll say, can you give me… a quick… more.
Dileep Karri: on the… Ralph?
Dileep Karri: Skills.
Dileep Karri: Of course, I had to… one thing I had to do, let me see if it…
Dileep Karri: Okay, so there are two things.
Dileep Karri: PRD generates a full product requirements document from scratch, so whenever you're planning a new feature, you will have to use slash PRD to build the product requirement document.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, after that.
Dileep Karri: You will use slash Ralph to convert your PRD into the PRD.json format. So this is the autonomous system, it will work on itself, you don't have to do anything else.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, let us invoke it, let us first quit and restart.
Dileep Karri: I'll say Claude.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And I'll say slash… PRD.
Dileep Karri: I'll say, one simple application, something like…
Dileep Karri: I want to build a simple project management application for automation agencies.
Dileep Karri: Okay, simple project management agent for automation agencies. So I'm not going through the full Ralph Loop, I'm going to just show you how I can get started.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I can, give you the answers. What is the primary goal? Track client projects and their automation workflows.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Primary users are… Auto agency owners and, members.
Dileep Karri: Managers. Then, what is the core scope?
Dileep Karri: I will say minimum viable. What tech stack? I will go with Next.js. Then, how should the projects related to automation workflows?
Dileep Karri: Then, I'll keep it simple, and give you the answer.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I'll say… Yes?
Dileep Karri: So I'm building the PRD.
Dileep Karri: Yes, you can give your existing PRD also, that is also fine.
Dileep Karri: So, we have your PRD built.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is the PRD, everything… this is a summary, etc. that we have to build. And now, I'll say…
Dileep Karri: Ralph, so this is the Ralph thing, and I will search for… Huh?
Dileep Karri: This thing, and allow it to run.
Dileep Karri: So it is going to read it and convert it into the PRD.json. So as it is doing, right.
Dileep Karri: We can check…
Dileep Karri: With respect to everything, so you create the PRD, you convert into a RALF format, and then you will have to
Dileep Karri: Run it with this.
Dileep Karri: So there are these key files that you'll have to build so far.
Dileep Karri: Okay, since, you are asking the same… the question, Nimit, let me open up the bash file and show you what is happening. Others, switch off your minds, okay? Don't… this will be a little, technical. For others who are scared, you can switch off your minds. I'm just going to show this.
Dileep Karri: So, underneath, right, there is this thing that is happening, and there is a complete… it's a bash script about, you know, how the agent should work, right? What are the agent instructions for Claude?
Dileep Karri: What are the agent instructions? What are the Claude instructions? All of that is present. So it is not just straightforward.
Dileep Karri: Okay? There are a bunch of things which are happening underneath, which I'm not going through. If you're interested, you can go through this, you'll understand exactly what is happening over here, if you have the appetite for it.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So now that we have got the PRDD.json, okay, so what we'll have to do is, we have to run the
Dileep Karri: command.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so here, max iterations means how many iterations you want it to run.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I'll give it 5 iterations, and I will ask it to run.
Dileep Karri: Okay, the good part is, here, Ralph will keep running.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Ralph will, keep, running overall.
Dileep Karri: And it will go on iterating. So this is typically, like, you set it to run, and sometimes there is one setting called Living Dangerously in Cloud.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Anybody have seen a setting called Claude Living Dangerously?
Dileep Karri: Anybody?
Dileep Karri: You're not seen, right? Basically, you're telling Claude that ignore all of the things and just go ahead and do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so ignore everything, go ahead and do it.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so that is what, living dangerously means in that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And
Dileep Karri: Right? So, typically, what you have to do is, you have to give that setting, allow Ralph to run, and you have to sleep.
Dileep Karri: Okay, then only Ralph will make sense. Otherwise, like, how many times it is asking, you have to approve a thousand times, exactly like Lonnie mentioned.
Dileep Karri: Thousand times, you have to keep approving next, next, next, next. So you have to set up the Claude Living Dangerously thing. Whoever has come up with that name, it's genius. But anyways. So you have to keep running. So now, as you give permissions, you will kind of set it up all through.
Dileep Karri: So now, it is going to run, so it has used this. Claude dangerously skipped permissions.
Dileep Karri: So it is now running in the background with this, and, you know, it is doing it. How to break up an existing PRD? You don't have to worry. All of that is taken care of by the Ralph, skill.
Dileep Karri: Ralph's skill will do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so now it is grinding, you can,
Dileep Karri: kind of do this, etc. AMP is out of scope, Sarmat. You can check the documentation, figure it out yourself. I want to focus on cloud code, because if I start AMP, I have to start from what is AMP, how to configure, etc, etc. Right now, this is on cloud code.
Dileep Karri: Okay, Ralph is clear, you understand how Ralph works, how it is doing, how you can set it up for running overall?
Dileep Karri: Alright?
Dileep Karri: So, this is Ralph Loop.
Dileep Karri: The other ones, I will kind of explain it in brief, because those are more complex than Ralph, okay? If you thought Ralph was complex, these are a little more complex, so I will give you the links.
Dileep Karri: I'll ask, you can check it out yourself and set it up yourself for doing that, okay? But those are having different ways of doing stuff. So, the next one is something called compound engineering.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, it is called compound, engineering.
Dileep Karri: So this is set up by a company called Every, and again, look at this. There are 7,500 people liking the repository, and so many forks available.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this compound engineering,
Dileep Karri: The way they do it is very similar.
Dileep Karri: First is plan.
Dileep Karri: Then you do the work.
Dileep Karri: Review is the part where they do a lot of effort.
Dileep Karri: So, they have a multi-agent code review.
Dileep Karri: that is run before you kind of finalize the code changes. There's a multi-agent review which happens.
Dileep Karri: And then compound is trying to document the learnings. Again, similar like Ralph Loop, okay, but it's just that there is nothing that you are doing in terms of clearing the context, etc. You are okay to work with the context, but what you are trying to do is
Dileep Karri: You are having a more stringent review process than before.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is what it is. So, planning, again, similar planning you do for any time. The key part in compound engineering is the review, and why I kind of wanted to share this with you is, the company has published 5 production-ready applications with 1,000 users using this approach.
Dileep Karri: Compound engineering has been used to build 5 applications, and all those 5 applications together, they are earning, like, 6 figures.
Dileep Karri: Of dollars in revenue.
Dileep Karri: So, pretty good. You, if you are interested, you can check it out, overall, and it is all, again, the workflow of plan, work, review, and compound.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this is compound engineering, which is,
Dileep Karri: I felt it was good, I felt that the way they are running it, you know, very well.
Dileep Karri: So how do we find about this? You are active on Twitter, you talk, you see what others are talking about, you go to the GitHub repos, you see the stars and everything, and when people are using it a lot and building it out, that's how you get the idea.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is compound engineering. So, if you want to build some very, I would say.
Dileep Karri: You can use compound engineering when you want to build closer to production code.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For smaller applications with simple loops, you can go with Ralph, but you want to go for bigger production-level quality code, you should go into compound engineering differently.
Dileep Karri: Okay? All the instructions are here. You can install, and you can run it the way that is described.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And all the agents that are going to be installed, you can see there are 29 agents, 16 skills that are installed as part of the compound engineering.
Dileep Karri: Okay, if you want to kind of look behind the scenes, what happens?
Dileep Karri: Okay? So there is a agent native reviewer, architecture strategist, Code Simplicity reviewer, data integrity guardian.
Dileep Karri: data migration expert, deployment verification agent. So, if you have a simple application that you want to build where you feel that just few iterations your application is so there, you can actually go with
Dileep Karri: something like Ralph, because it builds features and it does that, but you want to go closer to production-grade coding, you have to go with compound engineering. Because, you see here, there are 15 review agents, 5 research agents, 3 design agents.
Dileep Karri: 5 workflow agents, documents, commands.
Dileep Karri: Utility commands, etc, and all of that is able to be worked with you.
Dileep Karri: I would suggest… Try to use one,
Dileep Karri: feature, or one framework, don't mix frameworks. Don't try to say, I'll build with Ralph, then compound engineering, I can go back to Ralph. I would always suggest, because Ralph will think something is correct.
Dileep Karri: then it'll think another thing is correct, etc. So, that is how you try to do it.
Dileep Karri: Yes, for this also, PRD is kind of the starting, point, but you can actually go through the, you know, the, place.
Dileep Karri: Okay, for example, if you have got the PRD, the plan kind of helps you, you know, kind of turn your feature ideas into detailed implementation plans, which are then executed by the agent. So, compound, great question on security checks.
Dileep Karri: Let me… Show you this.
Dileep Karri: So, for those of you who are looking at security checks, there is Security Audits Agent, which is part of
Dileep Karri: this…
Dileep Karri: Okay? There is a security audit, sentinel audit agent, which is part of this, and you can actually… this is automatically called as part of the process.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I found out something a little cooler, not very well used, but if it is something you want to check it out, you can check it out. I'll share these links with you anyways.
Dileep Karri: I found this, particular… GitHub repo.
Dileep Karri: called, Security Context. Okay, this is a GitHub report called Security Context. What it does is, it showed you the various security, you know, anti-patterns that can exist in any application.
Dileep Karri: That means, what are the top security attacks and top security problems that can work for any application?
Dileep Karri: So, this is the complete Markdown file. So, the way you can work with this, you can take this Markdown file, attach it to your code base, and ask your building agent to look through this
Dileep Karri: And do all the checks which are mentioned.
Dileep Karri: Okay, I will share this with you anyways. This is another place, so this…
Dileep Karri: A person has done research, over 150 well-known patterns, figured out that these are all the patterns where security flaws occur in vibe-coded applications, and try to, build the
Dileep Karri: a few things saying what are SQL injection problem, missing authentication problem, hard-coded secrets, hallucinated packages, it can check all of this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Again, it is pretty advanced stuff. Don't touch it until unless… See, first, learn vibe coding, where you can code an application properly. After that, you can use these things.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: So, for those of you who… because a lot of people asked in officers about security, I found a lot of security, things which… there are some MCP servers for security also, but they are not, I think, accessible to non-tech folks.
Dileep Karri: Okay, it is not easy for non-tech folks to set it up. For example, one very famous security is called SemGrip.
Dileep Karri: It's an app, security, platform.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But the problem is, these are used by ******** engineers. It hasn't come to the vibe coders yet.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But if somebody of you uses ******** engineering, Semgrep is a great security tool to have, and use for checking all the vibe-coded errors. But before that, what you can do is, you can use this anti-patterns secretary,
Dileep Karri: SEC context that is available over here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you can use this.
Dileep Karri: Right? And you can use these files to, you know, kind of figure out. So it is given exactly how to use it overall. But the thing is, the patterns almost contain 100K tokens and 65K tokens. This will kill your token window.
Dileep Karri: But since you want to check securities, etc.
Dileep Karri: extremely important for you to go for such resources. So basically, how you work is, you have the AI code generation done, then you have the security review agent, which goes through each of this, and then it suggests the code output that has to be reviewed, and then your code gets reviewed.
Dileep Karri: Okay, can we inject to OpenAPI spec? Yeah, you can inject that, but I think this also is straightforward. You don't really have to go through all of that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So that is compound engineering, which has this,
Dileep Karri: Of all the three frameworks, compound,
Dileep Karri: Engineering is the one which I would recommend people who want to go for production-ready applications.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Is this an overkill? Might be, right? I don't know, right? But if you say, I want to build a production-grade application, right? That was the top question which was asked in the officers, how can I build a production-grade application?
Dileep Karri: So, if you want to build a production-grade application, you'll have to think for this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? These kind of frameworks, I typically find it on Reddit, on X, and YouTube videos where people are discussing these things. The only metric I use for using this, right, is how many stars on the GitHub repo. People should have used it, and, you know.
Dileep Karri: etc.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, people have built. Compound engineering has been used a lot, right? For example, if I go to the thing, right, 75… 7,500 people have started, that means at least 1,000 people have built using this.
Dileep Karri: Easily.
Dileep Karri: Plus, there's a company, Every, which actually built 5 products using this, and those products are used by paying users. They charge, like, $100 a year for those products. So there is living proof.
Dileep Karri: Of course, there is some secret sauce they won't share directly as to how… for example, one part which is not clear is how they merge everybody's work together.
Dileep Karri: Okay? That is the secret sauce. It is mentioned, but I still feel there is some nuances which are missing over there. But at least it's a good way to get started.
Dileep Karri: Alright? The third thing.
Dileep Karri: to kind of go for is something called GSD.
Dileep Karri: GST GitHub.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This one is… 12,000 people have started, so people really like it. So this one is, somewhere between Ralph and, Compound Engineering.
Dileep Karri: Sorry, I would… if I had to stack rank them, right, Ralph is between,
Dileep Karri: GSD. GSD is the lightest.
Dileep Karri: After GSD comes Ralph.
Dileep Karri: after Ralph comes compound engineering, in terms of complexity of the workflow.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so GSD has been built by this person because he felt Ralph to be an overkill, so he thought, instead of Ralph, you can run this, which can consume lesser tokens.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, it is called GSD, very easy to install.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, the… basically, the way he had done was, he felt that the spec-driven development, right, we discussed it in day one, right? It… he didn't… he didn't want to kind of go with the enterprise-level system that needs to be built.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This, you know, it is not a 50% software company. I don't want to play enterprise theater. Proful, the question that you have mentioned, right? Why do I, you know, kind of need to, you know, is it an overkill? So, for people like you, GSD is a great thing to start.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, white coding has a bad reputation, so you describe what you want, etc.
Dileep Karri: you get inconsistent garbage, GSD fixes that, which tries to engineer context so that cloud code becomes reliable.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, my suggestion, again, just to summarize.
Dileep Karri: increasing level of complexity. If you want to build lightweight applications where you want to preserve context, start with GSD.
Dileep Karri: You want to go for the next level, you go to Ralph.
Dileep Karri: Then, you want to go to the ultimate level, Go to Compound Engineering.
Dileep Karri: Again, see, you can absolutely do that, okay, but…
Dileep Karri: The problem is, I would always suggest give one framework the complete code from scratch.
Dileep Karri: So that it can build without restrictions.
Dileep Karri: Otherwise, what'll happen is, GSD project, it would have built it in some particular manner, because it's lightweight. When you give it to Compound Engineering, it will almost rewrite the application, because it will say that this application is not sitting right with me, I will have to rewrite the code. So what you'll end up is a mess completely.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So I would… that's why I suggest that don't mix up stuff, figure out what you want to build. I'm not saying it is not a good idea. It is a great idea to do that.
Dileep Karri: But don't, you know, try to, you know, mix up stuff.
Dileep Karri: If you know what is the level of application you want to build. For example, you want to build a simple application, which is your MVP, you want to send it to few 10 users for user testing. Start with GST.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then you say, I want to go, you know, charge users, I want to build a more reliable app. Go to Ralph.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then you say, you know what, I have figured it out, I want to really go production grade, then you go to compound engineer.
Dileep Karri: Okay? These are the three that I liked. I went through a lot of other frameworks, but I felt some of them were too neat to discuss, and others were simply overcomplicating things. I found that these three frameworks do the job.
Dileep Karri: Okay, there is one more, thing which, the same, the creator of Ralph Only has done, which I discussed on session one, which was the, dev tasks, where you go for a simple PRD and make your lists.
Dileep Karri: Okay? This 3-file structure system also is present. This also has got a lot of stars, but I felt GSD is a more evolved version of this, so you can start with GSD for this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so for those of you who are kind of looking for really good, you know, places to build your applications, I would suggest you to start from… so the way I would suggest is start from GSD.
Dileep Karri: then… Go to Ralph, And then go to Compound Engineering.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: If you find the session to be a little heavy, and I'll also talk about how you should adopt Cloud Code across the four sessions that we have done, before that, I want to walk you through the tips and tricks and a bunch of other things I wanted to share, okay?
Dileep Karri: Ensure that you are following this hierarchy.
Dileep Karri: For people who are wanting to be adventurous, directly jump into compound engineering.
Dileep Karri: Right? But, you know, I would suggest you to be very careful on what you're picking.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If GSD is 100 tokens, etc, at least 2X, at least 2 to 3X higher tokens. Compound engineering uses insane number of tokens. Imagine you have got, 29 agents working in parallel. GSD is kind of, you know, looking at
Dileep Karri: lesser token usage, because it maintains that context engineering very well. So basically, see, GSD is anti-compound engineering, to mention.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so GSD…
Dileep Karri: The person who built GSD was like, people are building compound engineering type workflows, which assumes that 10 software engineers in a team are building the stuff. I don't want to kind of build that way. I want to keep things simple, but not have garbage, so I built GSD, which is like a counterpart or, you know, opposite to compound engineering.
Dileep Karri: Okay, are you guys clear about GSD, compound engineering, and Ralph, when to use what, and what is the thing you need to pick?
Dileep Karri: Right? One thing, if you are using compound engineering, pro plans will not work. You have to go for the max plan.
Dileep Karri: Alright? Under the hood he says it delivers, but I won't believe it, okay? Because GSD, a real product, has not been shipped.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: For a real product shift, I will always vote for compound engineering, because
Dileep Karri: I have listened to the podcast of the person who built this out. It is very well thought out, right? It is not something very simple. They used it for one year before they open-sourced it.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, I trust the people. GSD is more like Rebel saying that, you know, all through, right? What do I use?
Dileep Karri: I think, see, I… to be very fair, right, I am not a person who builds production-grade applications. I build very testing applications a lot. So I… I don't use Ralph, I don't use,
Dileep Karri: this thing, I kind of use only the GSD a bit, or the spec-driven development, which I taught on day one. That is the ones I use. Both are very similar.
Dileep Karri: then GSD and Ralph is Cloud Pro. Ralph, definitely, Claude Pro is not sufficient, okay? You might go need… because it is iterative, right? Suppose you put 20 iterations. Within 5-6 iterations, your tokens will be exhausted.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: See, there is nothing like learning, right? You just set it up and you run it. There is nothing like learning this stuff.
Dileep Karri: See, I think I already addressed that question. I would advise you don't mix things up, unless you are an engineer. If you're a software engineer, you can kind of go with that experiment. If you're a wipe developer, don't mix stuff up.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Awesome.
Dileep Karri: Then lastly, I wanted to show you some tips and tricks. I always have, gained kind of,
Dileep Karri: Set this up… yeah, this one.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, before we wind up the sessions, I want to give you a set of tips and resources. This is for everybody. Those of you who switched off your mind till now when I was talking Ralph, Compound Engineering, and GSD, wake yourselves up. This is very important for everybody.
Dileep Karri: Alright? So, again, all these resources will be there in your LMS, okay? But I just wanted to tell you some of the things you must understand.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Number one, customize your status line. This is a must and should tip.
Dileep Karri: That you need to follow, okay? Unfortunately, it is a little technical. If you are able to follow it.
Dileep Karri: Fine?
Dileep Karri: Okay? But in case you're not able to follow this step, okay, for some reason, you are unable to follow this, ensure that after every build, you are checking slash usage.
Dileep Karri: So, basically, this is telling how many tokens are always used.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so there are this set of… Instructions, you can see here.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so these are a little bit scary.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But, some of you can use it. If you are not willing to… if you are feeling scared, my tip here is always keep checking your context every 2-3 commands, so that as you get more experience with Cloud Code, you'll know how I will, you know, kind of…
Dileep Karri: You know, how much usage your cloud code is doing.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Tip one, very important, always use voice. Voice is killer. Ensure that you are using voice for dictating your prompts.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Another thing is break down larger problems into smaller ones. I think we have already discussed a lot, where we break down different problems into smaller problems, and then we are going from one problem to another. So, therefore.
Dileep Karri: Tip 2 is very, very important. Claude code, don't try to one-shot a difficult problem.
Dileep Karri: try to break a problem into smaller problems and tackle them individually. In a way, when you're building a product requirements document and features, you're building the application into smaller parts. Similarly, if you're using for non-tech applications, like some kind of marketing landing page, if you remember, we broke down the landing page builder into landing page
Dileep Karri: designer and landing page builder. One designs, other builds. So you have to do that.
Dileep Karri: Okay? I'll put this on the chat so that everybody can do this. Anyways, this will be part of your, this thing. Then…
Dileep Karri: I like this, okay? Tip 3, skip.
Dileep Karri: Okay? If you are not technical, but if you have already used GitHub and you are comfortable with GitHub, all you have to do is connect your GitHub to your cloud code. It is a great
Dileep Karri: you know, usage. I have not shown this because I didn't want to increase the complexity, but because in cursor, etc, you'd have seen, you can connect your Git to the cloud code, and what it does is, anytime any code change you're doing, you just have to say, commit to GitHub, it will take care.
Dileep Karri: Okay? For example, let me try to do this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, wait, let me see… is my Ralph done? Just check on Ralph.
Dileep Karri: So, only 3 stories done.
Dileep Karri: Okay, imagine, right? I started at what time? I started around…
Dileep Karri: 9.45 or so, that's when we had set up, and almost 20 minutes are done, and still it is going on. So that is the amount of time it typically takes.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So…
Dileep Karri: Wait, what was it doing? I forgot the thing.
Dileep Karri: Yeah, GitHub. GitHub was what I was trying to say.
Dileep Karri: I'll say… I want to… Connect.
Dileep Karri: my GitHub.
Dileep Karri: Remigo.
Dileep Karri: Through the steps.
Dileep Karri: Okay, you can just, you know, chat with Claude Code, and you can…
Dileep Karri: Kind of, work, with this.
Dileep Karri: So, if you see here, there are 13 user stories, only 3 were completed.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so GHAuth login, so I have to install this, and I have to do this, I just have to follow the steps, and I can set it up.
Dileep Karri: Okay, this is a great, thing. I would suggest for people who are starting to build, right, first get to the basics of Cloud Code, that is Session 1 and Session 2 that I have done. First, ensure that those two sessions you are able to do, and you have absorbed the material, and you are able to replicate what I have shown.
Dileep Karri: Just work with that part. Don't get to GitHub right away.
Dileep Karri: Then, when you are coming to Session 3 and 4, Session 3, once you have done, or if you want to skip session 3, you can do that.
Dileep Karri: then you can start working on how you can connect GitHub and do things like that. So, if you are getting started, ensure that Session 1 and Session 2, you are absorbing it completely, and then only moving to the other parts.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: This line I love, AI context is like milk, it is best served fresh and condensed.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So what it means is when you start a new conversational Cloud Code, it performs the best. As you talk longer and longer, the performance starts to go down.
Dileep Karri: So remember this.
Dileep Karri: Okay, and that is where the discussions on Ralph and everything, etc. So once you feel that you have finished doing a task, do slash clear and restart your new task.
Dileep Karri: Okay?
Dileep Karri: Then,
Dileep Karri: There are some other things about terminal setups. This, I would say, is something that I would,
Dileep Karri: If you are interested, you can go through it, but that is fine. But this part is important. There is a compact command in Cloud Code, which can summarize your conversation to free up the context space.
Dileep Karri: Right? So, if you feel that this is a right point for you to compact the context, you do it yourself. Don't wait for Claude to do it once the context is filled.
Dileep Karri: Okay? And because the research says that, like, for example, this person, right,
Dileep Karri: He does it after 10% of the context is filled.
Dileep Karri: Okay, but I can say you can do it till 30-40% compact and resume.
Dileep Karri: Alright? Then, there are other things which are, a little complex.
Dileep Karri: This one, you remember, I already talked about it, right? There, I said that sometimes Claude Code might give up on a few things, have Gemini CLI as a fallback.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this is important. So, if you are having a pro plan, it has got generous free limits, so use it as a fallback wherever required.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then search through your… So this is the part, right? Multitasking with terminal tabs.
Dileep Karri: So, because, this is the reason why I'm working on Terminal, because I can work on different terminal tabs, whether on Windows or…
Dileep Karri: any terminal. If I'm using this, then what happens is.
Dileep Karri: I can use it on separate tabs, and each of the tabs that I'm using, they can run a different Cloud Code instance. But that is not possible with Cloud Desktop. I cannot run multiple instances of Cloud Desktop, I cannot run multiple instances of cursor. The max you can do is you can run Cloud Desktop, you can run one cursor, you can run anti-gravity, but each of that is so much
Dileep Karri: Heavy on your memory that your system can crash.
Dileep Karri: Instead, terminal is lightweight, you can do a lot of multitasking.
Dileep Karri: Even VS Code, it might be a problem, because VS Code also is a heavy application, it is not a lightweight thing. So, it might put your system onto some kind of a strain, so that's why
Dileep Karri: I would do this. So, till this are tips which I feel are
Dileep Karri: easy to understand. Till now, it is straightforward. Everybody can do that. From here onwards, the tips are very complex. Okay, so only people who kind of, you know, for example, it is talking about lazy loading MCP tools, which
Dileep Karri: is a little complex. These are all… rest of all are complex kind of stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay? But go through it. Till tip 14, the ones I have mentioned, alright? Till these tips, these are straightforward for anybody.
Dileep Karri: Going forward, as you get more experience, I think this also is a great one, right? It's an excellent assistant and partner, so when you're writing any documentation, right, you don't try to write, let Claude Code write the documentation for you.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, then it is saying that people, right, use Markdown a lot, which is, of course.
Dileep Karri: Very, very important.
Dileep Karri: So there are some advanced stuff, these are all advanced stuff, don't get into this, but if you kind of want to check it out, you can actually see all of this.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, this is a great tutorial. It is present, I will share it with you, so you can check it out. Now, something for the beginners, okay? So, if you're an absolute beginner, you have seen the sessions, but you want a ready-made tutorials.
Dileep Karri: to kind of refer to a bunch of stuff, what are the tutorials you need to refer to? So those are the ones I'm going to show next.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So there is this…
Dileep Karri: tutorial called Claude Code for Everything. Finally, the personal assistant always wanted. I liked this tutorial out of every tutorial that I had seen.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this is extremely accessible for non-tech folks.
Dileep Karri: Anybody who is non-technical, who want a easy way to start out and understand stuff, you can start this.
Dileep Karri: We covered this, actually, in the first session. Second session, we have covered portions of it, but in case you want to kind of check out a more detailed tutorial on everything, this, along with codingformarketers.com, will give you a great tutorial for you to get started.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this also I have included.
Dileep Karri: Then, there is this… Great.
Dileep Karri: Repository, which, you know, are
Dileep Karri: Repositories, which are 47,502 skills, which are present.
Dileep Karri: Okay? 47,000 skills are present here, so you can always use this.
Dileep Karri: And if you want to see the skills which are trending in the last few hours.
Dileep Karri: You can check what are the skills that have been used.
Dileep Karri: Finally, you want to use the…
Dileep Karri: best skills which are available, which people are searching and using, etc. You can even find those.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So this helps you to get all the skills ecosystem, like, it can be clause skill, it can be agent skills, whatever, you can get all of those, and you have
Dileep Karri: Almost 47,000 skills which are available put at a single place.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so this also, you can check this out.
Dileep Karri: Alright? And,
Dileep Karri: If you want to use some references for your marketing-related work, something on marketing, writing, etc, right? There is this other thing that I have found.
Dileep Karri: Which is called swipefile.com, okay? So, what it does is, so this is advice.
Dileep Karri: And you have got multiple advice that is available.
Dileep Karri: like,
Dileep Karri: a lot of advice that is given, and you have got a lot of different things. Like, for example, if I go to copywriting.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, it tells you multiple copywriting-related stuff which is present.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so where is this other things?
Dileep Karri: In advice, I saw something.
Dileep Karri: Or I can even check for something like Landing pages, okay?
Dileep Karri: Go into landing pages, and here you can actually check multiple landing page-related information, different landing pages.
Dileep Karri: That are there for you, which are good landing pages, which you can use as a reference for your design.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Then, there are the sales pages.
Dileep Karri: Which have different copy. Like, how can you use copy, what are the different… so basically, this is, like, advice.
Dileep Karri: That is present at a single shot. So, if you want to write good prompts, you need good advice. So, this is a site that has captured all the good advice at a single place. So, you can check the advice, you can check what are the informations that are there.
Dileep Karri: Okay.
Dileep Karri: So, in copywriting.
Dileep Karri: You can scroll through. Somebody has told how I write my newsletter, etc. Then somebody else will talk about multiple such posts, which are useful.
Dileep Karri: You can take those posts, and you can take the content, and you can build better prompts. I told you, right, the key about better prompt is use existing knowledge, so this is one place where you can
Dileep Karri: Share all of that existing knowledge at a single thought.
Dileep Karri: Okay, all the advice at a single place.
Dileep Karri: Something like before and after examples about rebranding, and some…
Dileep Karri: You know, some emails, some good emails which have been used, etc, which is very good to kind of, you know, check for.
Dileep Karri: Right? So this is a great… place.
Dileep Karri: for you to get all of that. So, sales pages is, like, landing page where you're selling your product overall.
Dileep Karri: So this is also a good resource which I felt all of you can check overall. One good thing is you can always, you know, check any of the Twitter, Reddit, where you find advice, copy and store it someplace so that you can use it in any of your workflows.
Dileep Karri: Alright?
Dileep Karri: So, quick final words before we close the Cloud Code sessions, and my portion will complete today.
Dileep Karri: Start slow, okay? I showed you a complete breadth and tried to show you multiple things.
Dileep Karri: The idea was not to overwhelm you, but show you everything possible inside Cloud Code and help you build better. And the focus was not on just building, but the focus was on what to build and how you can build it all through.
Dileep Karri: Okay? So, if you want to start, for those people who want to, who are feeling a little bit overwhelmed, use the first two sessions, start from there, get comfortable there, use the resources that I've shared, get comfortable, practice there. Slowly, you can come to this session and the yesterday's session. But otherwise.
Dileep Karri: Everybody should be comfortable with the first two sessions, that is the bare minimum required for cloud code. The other parts, which you have seen yesterday and today, was the advanced cloud code of remotion, of NA10, of
Dileep Karri: Advanced workflows for building stuff.
Dileep Karri: Okay, so what we have done so far today, in the last four sessions, was trying to build an AI automation agency. We started with the folders, we started with building stuff, and we have built multiple things, versions of that. And, you know, we are, you know, kind of…
Dileep Karri: able to build the stuff. Again, don't worry, we have an office hours to go through, so keep your questions.
Dileep Karri: keep your, you know, thoughts or other questions ready. We will kind of…
Dileep Karri: take it forward from there, and I'm happy to take a few questions so that I'll answer them, and of course, more questions will take up in the office hours.
Dileep Karri: Alright, what'll be covered, give me, like, some time. I told you, right, by Wednesday, I will tell you this thing. We are working on the next 10 weeks of the content. We'll give you the complete 10 weeks plan.
Dileep Karri: Okay? Thank you, folks, thanks for everything.
Dileep Karri: I'm just seeing if some questions come. Can I use GSD with Pro subscription? Yes, I think GSD should be possible overall.
Dileep Karri: Alright, so folks, we will meet for the officers. If there are no questions, as such, we will meet in the office hours.
Dileep Karri: Thanks, Vos, have a great one.